Maintenance/docs (#592)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: docs/README.md

docker exec -it rbs-ofrak-interactive bash -c "mkdir -p /disassemblers; ln -s /ofrak_ghidra /disassemblers/ofrak_ghidra"
```

## Prepare for building the Docs in a virtual environment

Before building the docs, OFRAK and all of its dependencies must be installed and available on the Python path, for example:

```

> python3.9 -m venv venv
> source venv/bin/activate
> pip install -e ofrak_patch_maker
> pip install -e ofrak_type
> pip install -e ofrak_io
> pip install -e ofrak_core
> pip install -r ofrak_core/requirements-docs.txt
> pip install -e disassemblers/ofrak_angr
> pip install -e disassemblers/ofrak_binary_ninja
> pip install -e disassemblers/ofrak_capstone
> pip install -e disassemblers/ofrak_ghidra

Reviewer: I'd rather something that uses the Makefiles. Also, only ofrak-ghidra is needed to actually build the docs IIRC.

Also, we want to install things in this specific order.

```suggestion
python3 -m venv venv && \
source venv/bin/activate && \
for dir in \
    ofrak_type \
    ofrak_io \
    ofrak_patch_maker \
    ofrak_core \
    disassemblers/ofrak_ghidra; \
do \
    make -C $dir develop; \
done
```
